[cloud-provider-gcp] Add information about load balancers to the docs (#3638)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/030-cloud-provider-gcp/docs/README.md

- Provisions disks in GCP using the `CSI storage` component.
- Enables the necessary CNI plugin (using the [simple bridge](../../modules/035-cni-simple-bridge/)).
- Registers with the [node-manager](../../modules/040-node-manager/) module so that [GCPInstanceClasses](cr.html#gcpinstanceclass) can be used when creating the [NodeGroup](../../modules/040-node-manager/cr.html#nodegroup).

> **ATTENTION** Starting with kubernetes 1.23, for load balancers to work correctly, you need to add an [annotation](../021-kube-proxy/docs/README.md) to the nodes that allows kube-proxy to accept connections to external IP addresses. This is necessary because load balancers' healthcheck uses the load balancer's external address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**CAUTION!** Starting with Kubernetes 1.23, for load balancers to work correctly, you must add an [annotation](../021-kube-proxy/docs/README.md) to the nodes that enables kube-proxy to accept connections to external IP addresses. This is necessary because load balancers' healthcheck uses the load balancer's external address.
```
